One of my favorite things about working with promises in the Fetch API,
it's the ability to easily chain promises on top of each other,
and create functions that depend on
outside data without halting or causing errors in your code.
So let's think for a second about our animal Web API app example.
Imagine we also wanted to add a feature to our app where
users can enter the favorite thing about their favorite animal.
Then we want to be able to save
all the information which is the info we get back from the API,
the name of the animal,
and a fact about it,
and then we have from the user their favorite thing about that animal,
and we want to take all that and save it into our app so that we can use it later.
So we would need two fetch calls.
We would first need a GET request to the animal web API,
and then we would need to make a POST request to
store all the data we received locally in our app.
A sync promises are perfect for this kind of thing.
Because the Fetch API is built on top of promises,
we can use the syntax then to chain actions, with fetch calls.
Soon, we'll take a look at what that is in action.